How to integrate a new minigame (#158)
Gamify-IT/docs: dev-manuals/services/integrate-new-minigame.md

    this.questions = questions;
  }
}

export class <YOUR_MINIGAME_NAME>Question {
  id?: string;
  questionText: string;
  answer: string;

  public constructor(questionText: string, answer: string) {
    this.questionText = questionText;
    this.answer = answer;
  }
}
```

### Add a rest client

Add the URL of the backend in the `config.ts`
```typescript
<YOUR_MINIGAME_NAME>ApiUrl: "/minigames/<YOUR_MINIGAME_NAME>/api/v1",
```

Add a class <YOUR_MINIGAME_NAME>-rest-client.ts in package `ts.rest-clients`, e.g.
```typescript
import axios, { AxiosResponse } from "axios";

import config from "@/config";

import { <YOUR_MINIGAME_NAME>Configuration } from "@/ts/models/<YOUR_MINIGAME_NAME>-models";

export async function post<YOUR_MINIGAME_NAME>Config(
  <YOUR_MINIGAME_NAME>Config: <YOUR_MINIGAME_NAME>Configuration
): Promise<AxiosResponse> {
  return axios.post(
    `${config.<YOUR_MINIGAME_NAME>ApiUrl}/configurations`,
    <YOUR_MINIGAME_NAME>Config
  );
}

export async function get<YOUR_MINIGAME_NAME>Config(
  id: string
): Promise<AxiosResponse> {
  return axios.get(`${config.<YOUR_MINIGAME_NAME>ApiUrl}/configurations/${id}`);
}
```

### Create a configuration modal

> Create a new configuration modal under the paclage `components.EditMinigameModals`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new configuration modal under the package `components.EditMinigameModals`.  
```

> We can't document exactly what the code should look like, as it varies a lot, but you can orient yourself on the existing edit components. It is important to say that the minigame configurations should be loaded and updated in the component. When a modal gets closed call an `closedModal emit` and when a configuration gets updated call a `updateMinigameConfiguration emit`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can't document exactly what the code should look like, as it varies a lot, but you can orient yourself on the existing edit components.  
It is important that the minigame configurations are loaded and updated in the component.  
When a modal gets closed, emit `closedModal` and when a configuration gets updated emit `updateMinigameConfiguration`.
```

The minigames edit view is in the class `MinigameTasksView.vue` under the package `views`.

Create a new variable:
```typescript
const show<YOUR_MINIGAME_NAME>Modal = ref(false);
```

> Add in the editMinigameConfiguration method your minigame:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add your minigame in the `editMinigameConfiguration` method:
```

```typescript
case Minigame.<YOUR_MINIGAME_NAME>:
    show<YOUR_MINIGAME_NAME>Modal.value = true;
    break;
```

> Add in the closedEditModal method following at the bottom:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Append the following at the bottom of the `closedEditModal` method:
```

```typescript
show<YOUR_MINIGAME_NAME>Modal.value = false;
```

Add the new edit modal. Put the modal after the other modals at the bottom of the file.
```typescript
<Edit<YOUR_MINIGAME_NAME>Modal
    :showModal="show<YOUR_MINIGAME_NAME>Modal"
    :minigame="editedMinigame"
    @updateMinigameConfiguration="updateMinigameConfiguration"
    @closedModal="closedEditModal"
  />
```

> #### Integrate import/export in the edit modal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Add configuration import/ export
```

Go in the edit modal component of the minigame. 
You need following imports:
```typescript
import { saveAs } from "file-saver";
import { arrayOf, defaultValue, object, string, int } from "checkeasy"; // depends on your configuration attributes
import { importConfiguration } from "@/ts/import-configuration";
import ImportExportConfiguration from "@/components/ImportExportConfiguration.vue";
```

To make a configuration downloadable, create the method downloadConfiguration:
```typescript
function downloadConfiguration() {

>   const { ["id"]: unused, ...clonedConfiguration } = configuration.value;

Reviewer: Isn't there the backend call missing?

```
This exports the configuration object as json without their IDs.

Of course we need also a importFile method:
```typescript
async function importFile(event: any) {
  const file = event.target.files[0];
  const validator = object({
    time: defaultValue(60, int()),
    questions: arrayOf(
      object({
        text: string(),
        rightAnswer: string(),
        wrongAnswers: arrayOf(string()),
      })
    ),
  });
  try {
    const result: <YOUR_MINIGAME_NAME>Configuration = await importConfiguration(
      file,
      validator,
      toast
    );
    configuration.value = result;
  } catch (e) {
    console.log("Import was not successful");
  }
}
```
The validator depends on the attributes of the configuration class. You need to customize the validator to match your configuration class. More information about the library can be found [here](https://github.com/smbwain/checkeasy/blob/master/README.md).

Finally the component to import and export a file needs to be added, which displays a import and an export button. Simply add the following code in your modal:
```typescript
<ImportExportConfiguration
    @export="downloadConfiguration"
    @importFile="importFile"
/>
```

> ## Send game results from the minigame backend to the overworld backend

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Backend-to-backend communication
```

> The minigame backend must send a score after every player's game run to the overworld backend after a player's playthrough. The score must be between 0 and 100, where 100 is a completely correct run and 0 is a completely wrong run. The score must be calculated by the minigame backend itself. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minigame backend must send a score after every player's game run to the overworld backend after a player's playthrough. The score must be a natural number between `0` and `100`, where `100` means "no further improvements possible"  and `0` means "everything is wrong".  
The minigame backend is responsible for calculating this score, the overworld backend simply stores it. 
```

> Create the OverworldResultDTO:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following shows how to do it in Java with `Spring`, `Lombok`, and `FeignClient`.

First, create the `OverworldResultDTO`:
```

Create a new variable:
```typescript
const show<YOUR_MINIGAME_NAME>Modal = ref(false);
```

Add your minigame in the `editMinigameConfiguration` method:
```typescript
case Minigame.<YOUR_MINIGAME_NAME>:
    show<YOUR_MINIGAME_NAME>Modal.value = true;
    break;
```

Append the following at the bottom of the `closedEditModal` method:
```typescript
show<YOUR_MINIGAME_NAME>Modal.value = false;
```

Add the new edit modal. Put the modal after the other modals at the bottom of the file.
```typescript
<Edit<YOUR_MINIGAME_NAME>Modal
    :showModal="show<YOUR_MINIGAME_NAME>Modal"
    :minigame="editedMinigame"
    @updateMinigameConfiguration="updateMinigameConfiguration"
    @closedModal="closedEditModal"
  />
```

#### Add configuration import/ export

Go in the edit modal component of the minigame. 
You need following imports:
```typescript
import { saveAs } from "file-saver";
import { arrayOf, defaultValue, object, string, int } from "checkeasy"; // depends on your configuration attributes
import { importConfiguration } from "@/ts/import-configuration";
import ImportExportConfiguration from "@/components/ImportExportConfiguration.vue";
```

> To make a configuration downloadable, create the method downloadConfiguration:
> ```typescript
> function downloadConfiguration() {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make a configuration downloadable, create the method `downloadConfiguration`:
```typescript
// configuration is expected to be a ref to the current configuration
function downloadConfiguration() {
```

Reviewer: That was a bit too fast. There is still an open suggestion.
